Feature/sdl 0236 tire status mismatch (#231)
smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines: docs/VehicleInfo/GetVehicleData/index.md

### Response

!!! note

> In case an application is registered with msg versions earlier than 8.0.0 and HMI does not provide the values for the params of `TireStatus` structure in GetVehicleData_response, SDL provides the default values to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case an application is registered with RPC Spec message versions earlier than 8.0.0 and HMI does not provide the values for the params of `TireStatus` structure in GetVehicleData_response, SDL provides the default values to the application.
```
